>>EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you for having me.
>>EMERY: Tim, define for us the
concept of multiple timelines
and how they work.
>>TIM: So time is actually
a very interesting concept
in this version of the universe.
That doesn't mean
that time is existing
in all versions of the universe
because there are locations
in the universe that exceed
time or even do not have time
in the way that we perceive it.
A very understandable
example of that
is whenever we go to
sleep, and we dream.
This, for example, is an aspect
of the universe where you
do not have a concept of time.
There are multiple worlds
even where intelligent life is
living outside of time as well.
But in this version
of the universe,
we are dealing with
time, which actually
means that this
version of the universe
has a concept of something,
a logical cohesive way
of development in that way.
So if we're talking
about time, we're
talking about timelines
and time string.
So this basically means
that every observer,
every consciousness unit
creates its own timeline,
but it also integrates itself
with all the other timelines
into a major time string
in the middle of it.
>>EMERY: Is Earth's timeline
one of multiple simultaneous
timelines, or are they connected
like many branches of a tree?
>>TIM: That's perfectly
put because we actually
call this a time tree.
So the concept itself
is a time tree.
This is based upon the
fractal nature of the universe
or at least this
version of the universe,
where the universe kind of
ripples, smaller versions
of itself into infinity.
So what we're dealing
with is actually
a main time string that is the
profound and stable version.
But we're also dealing
with individual timelines.
So everyone itself is
on a certain timeline
and merges into a time
string in the middle
if you're talking
about Earth itself.
Then we have to take
into consideration
that we're dealing with a
parallel universe in itself
in its physical nature.
So only because we are actually
observing and perceiving
one particular version
of reality at this time,
that doesn't mean that
there aren't parallel,
simultaneously happening other
versions of Earth as well.
So mainly, we're talking
about three phenomena which
is unique timelines,
where every consciousness
unit, every observer creates its
own timeline, where he, she, it
is on.
We have different time strings
for different planetary
versions of Earth
that we're going
to talk about and look at in
a deeper sense in a minute.
And we have this overall
global time string
where we have a stabilized
and merged version that
will define the stable
outcome of what's happening.
>>EMERY: Do these
parallel timelines
may be in parallel
universes merged together,
and can we be aware of
other versions of ourselves?
>>TIM: There's a
constant merging
of timelines at all times.
And it's not quite easy
to recognize in that way
because from a perspective
of one observer,
the perception of time is
always linear in that way.
Because we're always
inside of time,
we're only perceiving it as
a linear flow in that way.
But yes.
The universe has this wonderful
feature where it's constantly
merging failed timelines
into the most stable
of all timelines, which
ultimately is the one
creative field in that way.
But it's also merging
different other timelines
into your own timeline.
So it's very, very complex.
But because everything
is connected in that way,
everything in the
universe is connected
through a one-point
field, there are
influences from
timelines and locations
far, far, far away or
even in parallel universes
that might shine through into
our own perception and reality.
But again, most of the time,
because we are so focused
on our own timeline, we will
not actually perceive or realize
what's happening.
If you're talking about
parallel versions of yourself,
then it's becoming even
more complex and complicated
because a consciousness
is able to perceive
multiple angles of
reality at one time,
but that is related to
the amount or the level
of consciousness that
the individual observer
is capable of.
So if you're an untrained
human in that way,
for example, you're actually
focused on one reality and one
observer status on one
being, and you might not
perceive yourself in different
other timelines as well.
You still could be influenced by
different versions of yourself,
but all these versions are
in that way not yourself
but individual timelines
and individual observers
steady that are unrelated
to your own self.
If you become more
and more conscious
about this phenomenon,
then yes, you
can actually
communicate through time
or through the non-existence
of time with your own self
into different other
quantum realities.
But this is fairly
complex, but yet there
are intelligences in the
universe that are actually
performing this and/or
working on different timelines
in the same time location.
>>EMERY: Are there
a finite number
of timelines in relation to
what's going on right now?
>>TIM: That's a
wonderful question
because that is one of the
most elaborated and highest
questions that the
universe itself
has about the infinity of finite
status of quantum timelines,
and it's still being debated.
So we, and when I say we,
I mean the whole universe
is not entirely
sure at the moment
if it's finite or infinite.
So we would say that
it's close, approximately
close to infinite timelines.
>>EMERY: Is humanity going on
with the flow, so to speak,
with the increased number of
timelines being played out,
or are we an active
players, perhaps
swimming against that flow?
>>TIM: Yes.
We are carried in
some way by the stream
of the collective timeline, but
we're also constantly creating
unique timelines as well.
So if you again see the
model of the time tree,
which is, by fact, the
actual term for this concept.
So if you have
the time tree, you
might have individual
timelines like branches
that go out of this trunk.
But those branches
might at one point
stop developing, just
as a normal tree that
stops its own growth
at a certain time.
And these might become
failed timelines,
or they might even go into
a more complex and higher
dimensional physical
model of time,
which cannot be described
in this 3D vectorized form.
But yes.
You are constantly
being influenced
by the collective timeline while
also constantly, collectively,
and individually influencing
the collective and your unique
timeline.
So yeah.
Both.
>>EMERY: The soul is Tim
in Germany at this time.
Is that the same soul
playing out a different life
in a different lifetime or
even a different timeline?
>>TIM: Interesting.
So what we know is,
and this is only
true for this particular
version of reality
that we are perceiving
because there
are different other sets
of reality in this almost
infinite reality
pool of the universe,
is that our own perception
of our location and time
actually defines where you are.
So the way you perceive yourself
and the way you think you are,
you are.
And this is real until
you overcome this model.
And once you
overcome this model,
we are not talking a 3D
model, but we're talking
a multi-dimensional model.
And that means that you
can go into every location
and every time at once.
Because time itself can
and is indeed a dimension
that can be traveled through.
This is true since Einstein
came up with his physical model,
but it's more and more real
the more we think about this.
So for the human
reality, the theory
has that your pineal
gland is actually
the point in your
brain that calculates
where you are defined
in location and time
in the universe.
>>EMERY: Is there
such a thing as
successful versus
failed timelines,
and how is that differentiated?
>>TIM: Well, the
wonderful thing, and I
think this is so
important to emphasize,
there is always the
successful timeline.
The time string in the
middle is always successful.
So whatever the universe
does, and again, this
is the universe perceiving
itself in a dualistic way.
So if you ask a German
advanced scientist,
he would say it's a model
of simulation in that way.
So if we want to speak
about a simulation,
then the simulation always
succeeds in this way.
But individual
timeline also allow
for what we would define
as failed timelines.
So an individual being could
be on a failed timeline
due to very exotic
or unusual decisions
or maybe not performing
those actions that are
in his own fate in this way.
So a timeline could
become a failed timeline.
But the wonderful thing
is, and again, this
is the phenomenon of
merging of timelines.
Once someone suffers from
being a failed timeline,
he gets integrated into the
global, universal, successful
pool of timelines again.
So if we combine the
concept of timelines
with the levels of
realities that I explained
in previous episodes, then we
have a level 6 consciousness
or level 6 reality, which is
the realm of non-existence
in that way.
So every timeline that goes
through a failed timeline,
a wrong decided path in
that way will ultimately
jump into this field of
level 6 consciousness, which
is non-existence.
But non-existence is
still part of existence.
So this is the safety
net of the universe,
how to reintegrate
failed timelines
into the successful
pool of timelines again.
>>EMERY: What goes into a
so-called failed timeline?
>>TIM: Well, basically,
a failed timeline
can consist of a lot
of different factors.
So we have to keep in mind
that everyone, every observer
in that field, at
least we theorize
that has a sort of
pre-negotiated fate
in that way.
So everyone who is incarnating
on a planet actually
is coming from this level 6
reality field, which is, again,
the field of non-existence.
But within this field
of non-existence,
the universe still exists, and
it's still actively planning
on your reality, and
you're more or less
what the concept of Karma
and Dharma is in the Vedas.
So basically, every
soul has a, if you
want to put it that way,
spirituality, a soul plan.
A fate, a pre-designed
fate in that way.
But you still, when you're
inside of your timeline,
you're still free to choose
your different path in that way.
So if you totally
get off that path,
you might result in
a failed timeline.
A failed timeline
could also very easily
result in a quasi, randomly
appearing incidents.
Like if you're designed
to, for example,
develop a certain cure for a
certain sickness or something,
but this particular
person, I don't know,
hits a bus or something.
Then ultimately, this timeline
comes to a physical defect.
So a physical defect could also
result in a failed timeline.
That doesn't mean that the
soul fate of that observer
or consciousness unit is
determined or finished
in that way because through the
concept of incarnation, which
we see all over the
place in the universe,
this being would just revisit
and re-live his own destiny
somewhere else.
And also we see a phenomenon,
which is kind of interesting,
that when your own
timeline is super stable,
that your parallel
versions of yourself
might have already
failed in some way,
but your self-perception is
always on a successful timeline
or time string.
So a parallel universe or a
model of a parallel universe
would mean that by definition,
one version of yourself
has already hit a bus
or died in some way.
But as long as your observer
is still connected to your body
and you're still on
this path, then you
balance that out actually.
So the universe is constantly
jumping your consciousness
into the most stable timeline.
And it does that job very well.
So it's balancing out
a lot of the imbalances
and problematic
events that can occur.
It does that on an
individual level,
but it does it also
on a collective level,
so that we're still
on this planet,
even though the chances
of life on this planet
are so minor and so
vanishingly small
that is resulting from this
merging effect, this stability
effect of the universe.
>>EMERY: Tim, are humans
the dominant influencers
of our timeline, or are
there outside influences
affecting it?
>>TIM: Beautiful question.
So the reality field
that we are perceiving,
which is a standard
environmental sphere
in the universe,
the planet, it's
actually deriving from
a circular movement
in the model of time reality
and the model of the geometrics
of the universe.
And this circular
movement actually
creates this ball-like
illusion that we have,
which we might call Earth,
or a planet, or whatever.
So once as long as we're on this
field, inside of this field,
inside of this
reality bubble, we
are actually the most
profound source of information
that this field is
actually derived from.
But that doesn't mean
that other sources
aren't influencing that field.
So everyone outside of
our own reality field,
everyone outside of our
own informational field,
timeline, they still
have an effect on us.
Why?
Because the universe itself
is connected in every point,
in every direction, in every
dimension, and in every time.
And there are intelligences in
the universe that are actually
utilizing this
phenomena in order
to either stabilize or
destabilize certain outcomes.
>>EMERY: What is the
role of starseeds
on our planet in
terms of timelines?
>>TIM: So the situation
is as follows.
So what we have is a fairly
unprepared society, that even
though we have seen
glimpses of a new reality
in the 1920s of
the last century,
we've seen new model of physics
as quantum physics arise,
we still have a situation where
the majority of the population
of humans are
actually, I don't want
to say ignorant about the
reality of the universe,
but mainly not as interested, or
prepared, or informed about it
as they should be or could be.
This could lead to fairly
disastrous outcomes in that way
because other beings,
other intelligences,
other lifeforms out
there could take
advantage of that in some way.
So strategically, it means
that the universe needs
to protect itself,
and the universe
does that through
a concept that is
very close to the concept
of incarnation in that way
because a higher
intelligence could influence
the field by becoming
aware of its own body
and its own reality
inside of the field.
So this is actually the
definition of incarnation.
And what we perceive
and what we've learned,
especially from
conversations with Being 6
is that it has incarnated
around approximately 300 to 500
million of its own
beings and aspects
in order to stabilize the
reality field from inside.
So quite a big number
of people are actually
coming from a source that
is of higher intelligence
and might have placed him or
her or itself onto this reality
field in order to
provide stability to it.
>>EMERY: Tim, because
most humans are not
aware of how Earth's
dynamics work,
could humankind be taken
advantage of, and by whom?
>>TIM: Very easily actually.
So I wouldn't say
humanity has not
been informed because the
models and the physical models
of quantum physics and
quantum time and such
are actually out there.
It's more a question
about, a, being
able to deal with the
consequences of it, and b,
caring about those questions.
So most people are so involved
with the standard reality
and what's going on in
society, and politics,
and you name it, that
they don't care, actually.
So if you're speaking
about other intelligences
taking advantage
of what's going on,
then you need to take
into consideration
that the universe itself
in this form and reality
is still kind of captivated
in a kind of game of strategy
and tagging in that way.
So the universe plays this
kind of game with itself
by certain aspects trying
to elevate themselves
over other aspects.
And that typically can
also be done through time.
In consequence, that means that
the stable timeline of Earth
could be brought
into instability
and have tremendously bad
effects on the whole collective
if you want to do so.
And it's been done this
way, but there are also
aspects of the universe.
Again, the universe is
a very secure form model
of reality in this
way that saves itself
from this interference.
>>EMERY: Many people suggest
that time, as we experience it
daily, feels like it's moving
more quickly than it used to.
What do you think about that?
>>TIM: Well, it's not
my own perception of it
actually, so it's not my
individual perception of time.
But I've also come
across a multitude
of people who have this
perception of an accelerating
time.
And actually, we
can scientifically
define that in a way that
the further the planet
moves towards a more
energetical context, the denser
the energy and the
more information
are located in one
point of space time.
So yes, time seems to
accelerate in some way.
I actually would
say that, and I'm
trying to not predict too
much of what's going on,
but time is actually one
factor of a level 4 reality
world in that way, and we
are heavily and acceleratedly
moving towards this
reality of level 4.
So time becomes more
and more relevant to us.
We even see that
in our own history
because nobody would have
asked questions about time
until the 1920s or something.
So time itself is a
dimension, and it's
a way to perceive and
define the universe.
I would say that especially
technology will rapidly
and intensively
deal with the impact
that time can have
on technology.
For example,
communicating through time
is actually a thing
because, again, time
is a dimensional field.
It's an informational field.
So communicating through time
will become a mainstream thing
at some time.
So it's not only like
taking your smartphone
and calling someone else
who's in the same timeline.
But at first, we will perceive
messages from another timeline.
And you bet that this
already happened.
So if you, for example,
look at certain crop
circles around
Europe, for example,
and we did an analysis on them.
We have certain examples
that very much indicate
that there are informational
contexts coming
from different timelines
into our timeline.
The actual message was, which
was kind of interesting,
was just this is a message.
It just implies that
what we perceive
was a message in itself.
But yes.
So at first, I think
we will acknowledge
that we perceive information
from outside of time.
And at one point or
another, mainstream society
will become able to communicate
and to send information
into time as well.
>>EMERY: So how
do you distinguish
between crop circles
as communication
from us outside this
timeline versus the ETs
actually creating
contact in this way?
>>TIM: Oh, that's an
interesting question.
I guess we can't in that way.
Well, what we see is
that some of those crop
circles that we've
done analysis on
are some way of communication
from other aspects
of ourselves, which
not necessarily needs
to come from an ET
presence or in other--
outerworldly,
otherworldly aspect
of ourselves or something.
It just can be an
undefined message
coming from an intelligent but
non-defined aspect of reality
of source in that way.
But the particular crop
circle that we did analysis on
was actually showing
the model of how
time ripples into
different dimensions--
into different
directions in that field.
So the message, the crop
circle itself describes
the physics of how time
ripples into the past
and into the future
and on its way,
through those two
directions, influences
different other
timelines on its way.
Because that message
and the model that
was given to us through
this crop circle
was so significantly
put, we assume
that it's coming from a
different timeline in that way.
>>EMERY: Since we speak
different languages,
we have different physics, how
did you determine the message
from this crop circle?
>>TIM: Well, we've done a lot
of analysis of certain crop
circles because what
we've seen is that there
is a communication going on.
There are different
sorts of crop circles.
Some are indeed coming
from non-personalized forms
of ourselves.
So it's more like a
non-specified intelligence that
is sending that information.
And the motivation to do
so was that some of them
are actually containing
useful models for technology,
for physics in that way.
And this was particularly
the case for this crop circle
that I'm talking about.
So it actually
showed, and I think
it showed up somewhere
in Northern Europe.
And it actually shows the way,
like in a vectorized 2D model,
the way that time
behaves on a 2D field.
So because we already are
well aware how time works,
and there is actually
technology around time
and the informational
field of time,
and it's been in use in
some advanced projects,
we could determine that
this vectorized field
or this pictogram
in that way actually
resembles the model of time.
>>EMERY: So is this coming from
us in a different timeline,
back to this timeline, or is it
extraterrestrial intelligence
trying to communicate with us?
>>TIM: Analysis says that there
are different classes of crop
circles.
And the particular one
that we are talking about
is a non-personalized
form of crop circle.
That doesn't mean
that maybe there
is a personalized individual
consciousness or intelligence
behind it.
But it means that
we have no indicator
to say that it's coming from
a personalized, individual,
collective field or specific
species in that way.
>>EMERY: In previous
episodes, Tim,
you've mentioned a
time traveler species.
Do they affect the
timeline of humankind?
>>TIM: Yeah.
So the interesting thing
is that the universe itself
becomes aware of time as
a dimension at one point.
And we're already
talking about this.
It's on us to become
aware of that.
So once aspects of
the universe actually
know about how time works, they
can utilize it in that way.
So this is a way individual
aspects of the universe
actually create another form
of safety for the stable life
version of the universe.
So what we're
actually experiencing,
and I talked about that I think
in an episode with Richard Doty
is that we're experiencing
a very ancient and very old
thought of the universe.
If you want to talk about
the model of physics
of the universe being a
simulation in that way,
you could say that
we're experiencing
a very early access version
of the simulation in that way.
So the universe put
out something in order
to have a stable environmental
field, a console, so to speak,
in order to code
from that point.
So once individual aspects
inside of this field
become aware that
time is a model
and an informational field,
they can go through time
and even influence the model
and the reality field in itself.
So what we see is
that while we're
perceiving this very,
very ancient old thought,
there are also aspects
of the universe that
are traveling through
time and influencing
the timeline on this end in
order to make it more stable.
>>EMERY: Tim, is what seems
like chaos on Earth right now
part of a chaotic
aspect of the universe?
>>TIM: So mostly,
we're experiencing
an environmental field that
is, if you want to say,
still buggy in that way.
Because it's one of the primal
versions of the universe,
and it's so ancient in
that way, it still lacks
and it still has certain
non-functional aspects.
And we perceive them through
our own individual human reality
as non-functional aspects of
duality, like death, or sorrow,
or whatever you want to call it.
But it also means,
and this is the beauty
about time in itself, that
even though we are here
in this kind of buggy
version, there's
already a version
of the universe that
is more advanced,
and further away,
and highly integrated in itself.
And this version can reach down
and is actually reaching down
in order to debug the version
and the environmental field
that we're experiencing here.
>>EMERY: Is it like debugging
or rewriting the program that's
not functioning properly?
>>TIM: This depends on the
individual factor again.
So the further we go away from--
if we see it as a 2D model,
like a timeline in that way,
and we are somewhere
here on the string,
and the further we
go this direction,
the more advanced and advanced
this environmental field
becomes.
And this is more or less the
model of those reality levels
that we're talking about.
The further away we go
into this direction,
into a unified source
field of the creator,
then the more it
is reaching down
in a benevolent
and unified field.
Because along the way, it
has repaired and created
a very, very advanced and
elevated form of itself.
But the further down you
go the road, the more you
could say that it's still
another buggy version that
is trying to patch the
downgraded version below it
in that way.
But the wonderful
thing is, and I
want to emphasize
this, is that there
is this beautiful, stable, and
functional creator and source
version of us where all
paradoxes are already solved.
And this is, if you want
to call it God Field
or whatever, it exists,
and it also reaches down,
and it helps us out.
>>EMERY: If everything comes
from that perfected God
field or the ultimate
resolve timeline,
so to speak, how does
it allow for the bugs,
and the imperfections,
or chaos at our level?
>>TIM: There are two
reasons for that.
One reason is that
time in the way
we define it also
matches experience
because time itself is motion.
We need to think of
time as logical motion
to come from point A
to point B. Actually,
there is no time in that
way because the universe
itself is timeless, ageless,
and everything all at once
at one point.
But if we're inside
of time, time
is a proper way in order to
come from a point in location A
to point in location B.
So on this way, and
this is the, to me,
fascinating effect of time, we
are going forward into time,
but we're also perceiving
time backwards.
So if you want to
think about an apple,
and you keep it in your hand,
and you watch the apple,
then the information that comes
from the apple into your eye
are actually past information.
They are not the
current information
that are you are asking
for, but that information
come from the past
version of the apple.
If you go further back into,
for example, light years
into the sun that is several
light years away from Earth,
then the light that
comes from there
describes a version of
the sun that is already
vanished in that way.
So this is the
beauty about time.
And if we think
about that, then we
have again this
wonderful geometric force
that we are going inside
of time, we going forward,
but we're also perceiving
the past in every moment.
So everything that we are
already perceiving in that way,
it's gone.
While we're still
simultaneously perceiving it,
it's already
non-existing anymore.
So that's the
beauty to it for me.
>>EMERY: So if time
is defined as motion,
as people have the ability
to go within their own self,
like we do in our
meditation, can I
influence a positive
outcome for reality
based on the
stillness of me being
and becoming a timeless being?
>>TIM: Interestingly depends
on the observers around you
as well.
So imagine you are
alone in a space,
and you're the only
observer that is there.
And we've already done
scientific experiments on that
actually.
If you're the only observer,
and you don't observe time
in that way, you're free of
time because nobody is actually
observing time in that way.
And then it goes back into a
level 6 field of view reality,
and it can go in
every way possible.
It doesn't matter.
But if there's another
observer inside
of the same observed
space, then this observer
also defines time in that way.
And this might be
actually the reason
why we know a lot of
gurus and prophets
went underground or away
from civilization in order
to be just for themselves
because that is the moment when
there's no other observer
in the room in that way.
But you could also say
that if everyone aligns
to that, and the collective
itself is the observer,
then you can have similar
effects, probably even
more powerful than that.
>>EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>>TIM: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.